what I do when I am giving sailors a failure evaluation is, um everything
starts with a package. Ah, paper package or or a conversation? Andi,
when you're looking at the sailor, when you're looking at the package
that the paper package that is representing the sailor you make
sure that you are selecting, choosing, um, having the conversation
about the best sailor for the position, the job? Um um or for any
possibilities of doing, um, the job, making sure that yeah, you are
selecting the best person. Or like I said, having the conversation about
the best person not using, um, uh, their behavior or anything like
that, making sure that you are being honest first with yourself
and being honest with the conversation that you're having about the
same sailor.